That we learn a lot about age.
Venus Marchal I want to conclude it by coming back to something we learn in the pipes module the async
pipe.
Remember this pipe.
It helped us transform data which we get asynchronously and output it in the template.
Now imagine the following use case we have some Obert Dator in our firebase console.
Now we want to add a new key value pair here on the top of our application our name and apt name and
the value will just be HTP test like this.
So this adds this new key here which you can get at this your L and in our application I want to output
it.
So any component here or in the Jacquemont template I want to output it at the very top let's say the
age 1 heading and you somehow want to output the app name.
There's a property which doesn't exist yet.
So let me quickly add it to app component here.
App name set it to an empty string for now.
Now when you service service I'll add a new method.
Get app name and you could add a new service for it as well simply Justis.
And here I want to return a get request and observable generated with this were a point to this you
are Ehle here so quickly capitis in your dodge Jason at the end is important.
And now again this will generate an observable.
Now typically we would subscribe to Disney-ABC component not in this case though I want to set this
observable as a value for app name.
So we'll reach out to the service service and call get eponym.
So now aptonym is bound to be observable generated here.
Now I will add the math method here to transform the response which keep in mind is of type response
and I simply want you return response.
Jason you're just javascript object or whatever.
We unpacked there.
So whatever is inside of the body of this response and then all is pressed into normal javascript code
and not stored as Jason.
This is what T.J. Smith does.
We use that before.
Right.
So we save this and have a look at our app we see Object object.
And this makes sense because our app name your simply is an observable we blinded to whatever get app
name returns and get app name returns and observable.
So in order to unpack it we normally need to subscribe.
However with the async pipe we can simply go to the template and add pipe async offered the app name.
This is all I didn't add subscribe anywhere.
I just added this pipe.
We have this emplace let our app reload.
And well it's very fast.
Firebase is very fast.
You probably see it if you look really close at the beginning.
This is not populated.
It takes like a millisecond and then HGP test appears because now the async pipe is subscribing to the
observable.
Hence the request.
And hence it is transformed with the map method.
We set this up and we're displaying the result that data we get in the end which is simply the HDD test
string stored here.
So this is how we can use the async pipe in conjunction with HTP.
And besides that in this module you learn a lot about HTP how to send requests various kinds of requests
how to configure your headers how to transform the data and use that transform data.
And now at the end how to use the async pipe I hope you learned a lot.
We're going to apply that knowledge into or course project in the next course section